so hello again guys so today I'm going
to show you how to make this blanket
it's a single crochet blankets using
different colors block colors you can
make one color of you or you can change
colors in every six or seven rows
depending how many rows you can achieve
with one ball like this okay so for now
I'm on my own two three four on my six
color the next one after the black would
be white and it looks very nice with
multicolored so I'm going to show you
how to start the blanket I'm going to
just make a demonstration with 20 chains
so as usual this tutorial just a
reminder is for left-handed it's good if
you can see it properly and you're
right-handed person so we'll start with
a slipknot again I'll just turn over the
thread okay and I'll take my hook
through and output
now I make 20 chains
you
okay so this is 20 chained done now from
the second chain from hook this one okay
I'll start making a single crochet so
you insert your hook and you pull
through then you pull through two this
is the first single crochet you repeat
again in every chain so you pull through
and you pull through two you repeat till
the end of your chain
and the last one okay now you chained
one and you turn now we start making a
single crochet in the first single
crochet so with chain 1 and this is the
first single crochet okay so single
crochet and then in every next single
crochet
and the last one okay
again chain one and turn and you keep
doing the same until you reach the
length of the blanket you want it's only
single crochet and it's very easy and it
looks very nice as you can see you can
use multiple colors or just one color
to say
and then you continue the same with the
next rose
and this is what you get similar to the
blanket I made already I hope this
tutorial was helpful if you have any
questions or any video you'd like to see
in future please do not hesitate to
leave your questions in the comment and
if you like to see more videos don't
forget to subscribe bye bye